include those or filter those out? My guess is the next week with Liz and Theresa will be a lot like, oh, this is why we don't contact them here, but this would be a valid one is just kind of filtering the list down just to kind of have all these discrete processes as well. So that was my question too, because I kind of like in my chart review and I'll do like the process load too, you know, like lots of good hits on everyone. Almost all of these people were just people that almost exclusively have been in the ED. So lots of good, you know, just like exclusive ED. And so they would like have some, you know, like social referrals back in the day, but nothing recently as well. So that's more than just my question. And then too, but some of these, you know, they have like psychosis, a lot of that. And so I'm not sure if they're like, well, if they had like a psych referral, if we don't call them then, my guess is there's gonna be a lot of caveats, but at least I'm getting them good data and they seem to have buy-in and I'll kind of like wait for them to be like, oh yeah, these are people we call, these are not, so we can refine the list over time. Yeah, that's fine. I think as long as we just have like a sense of how helpful it was to them, maybe with, we can even just draft like a, I don't know, a five question survey I can help you draft or a clock to help you draft. And then also figure out if those patients that we gave them that had hits, did they do something with those, you know, controlling for whatever historically they normally did, like 10% of the time they did follow up with those patients anyways. Yeah, exactly. Okay. Yeah, and then my other good thing too is I, another test, not on how accurate the surveys are, but how much like maybe they're just not saying something on their survey that's on that. So once we get the good list and they can confirm, then I wanna do some just kind of brief statistics on like how well is the self-reporting capturing the actual issue these patients are facing? Sure. That sounds good. I guess you sort of started. So I guess the, you're have connected with the case managers or sorry, the community health workers, excuse me. There is an ongoing, I guess, active pilot. Can we say that out loud? Yeah, we can. Yeah, I mean, we're kind of, yeah, I'm just giving them 10 a day to start to say good or bad and go from there. Yeah, perfect, perfect. All right, good. So active pilot, you're gonna take a look at giving, delivering a process map, probably some sort of cohort. So that way we can define on who you're actually giving them, which I think is ER discharges, correct? Correct. And then I guess we'll track somehow some of the interventions that they have done based on that data. And then I can draft like a short kind of three or four question survey, like, was this helpful? You know, would you wanna keep this around type of thing in the future? Perfect, yeah. And then I know we have the meeting with Robin Gold and I think Bonnie next week. So I'll get that all up to you soon so you can review so we can be in good shape for that meeting on, was it next Thursday? Yeah, next Thursday. Yeah, do you know what was on our docket for that data? Like, what do we have planned other than just showing kind of maybe some early results from this pilot? Yeah, that was all that we had. I think it would be nice to, if we could by next Thursday, at least have like a document that we draft of the historical history of SDOH questions. It could be a Word document. You know, like here are the questions we found in the warehouse based on Jason and Sapna's data poll. Like, this is how we think we're gonna code them moving forward. You know, that way they can take a look. And one of the deliverables from that meeting can be like, you review this two or three page Word document and make sure that we're all talking the same language and that you guys agree. And then this is what, then we can sort of codify that. That's like the correct questions, the correct answers and then whatever the answers are, what equals SDOH yes. Correct, yep, yep, yep. And Jada, could you add Lizzie and Teresa to that as well? They asked to be included, kind of all our contacts going forward. Awesome. All right, let's see what else we got going on. Jason, anything else? Anything hypertension focused? I haven't looked at that in a while, but I think we probably got to circle back to finalizing that. Yeah, I gave you, I sent you all the kind of just the med order stuff as well. And the med in here and I'll give you kind of more of the revised dashboard as well. And I saw we have the meeting, I think on the 28th as well. So that, and then kind of been working on exploring the data like the 311 data and other stuff and prep for PJ as well. And so we're getting some good data sets together kind of while she's getting some finalized questions as well. I guess on that note, one thing we should probably try to schedule maybe for next week, if it's feasible or the week after is that Metopio meeting. Because I do think it's like a lot of overlapping work with what like, kind of like you do all the time. So I don't know, Jada, if you can put that on your to-do list to like get something on the books the next couple of weeks. I think he wanted to meet in person question, I think he said. Yeah, he did. Yeah, so I mean, I'm happy to do that if like if you guys are busy, no big deal. But I do think like, I do think that like if it's not prohibitively expensive and I don't know how expensive it'll be, it sort of makes sense I think for a lot of things we're doing, it's like, like why reinvent the wheel if they've done all the hard work? You know, but if it's like, you know, 500,000, it's a little different. If it's like 80,000, I think it's, you know, I think it depends on, I can sort of get a sense of like what that, what that kind of laundry list of like, kind of like the menu looks like as far as costs, you know. I know. To be honest, I still don't have a full understanding of exactly what it is they do. I think I get it. So essentially what they do is they take publicly available data sets, collate them, are responsible probably for having the most recent version. And then they create like an app, if you will, that you can embed in your own app or you can bring your data to their app. I think you can decide which way that happens. And that app then helps you like kind of do associations between maybe your own data. So in this case, like say, for example, we ingested, we had their data and it was kind of housed locally in an app that we build. We could say, okay, here's the hypertension control on the West side with our own patients. And then we could then say, okay, well, if they have access to, I don't know, the food stamps plus temperature data in Cook County, is there some association with a very simple kind of like not being a biostatistician, you could just sort of say like that and this and make some map. Oh, okay. So it's pretty much made for John Rich, you know? So it's like, if you looked up like the end user, it'd be John Rich. It's like a diagram of everything. So that's why I was wondering if we could pull John in and maybe he could find some money somewhere. So like we would have to pay if John could pull some strings to get that money. Yeah, yeah. No, I really do think like from a, from not even just a studio point of view, I mean, the studio would be a high user of that, but I think the Institute, I think would benefit from having that as part of its suite of things it could offer people in like the larger community at Rush. If that's something that, I know he's interested in like place-based risk and how does that correlate with a lot of your health outcomes? I think that's sort of what they're offering. Obviously it seems like what they could do is help you build that out or they could just give you like a key, if you will, which I think is the one we would take to sort of put that into like our local sandbox. Yeah. So I think that's what they do based on what I heard, but you know, that's also, it could be wrong. I think the coolest thing there is the quick interaction with maps and the quick kind of very kind of cursory stats you can do without having to like really do any coding yourself, which is kind of nice. It's a nice kind of slick UI. I mean, it's a very small, narrow customer base. Like it's like us, you know? It's like us, yeah. But like maybe that's why they're not like, you know, it's probably still a company of two or three or something, but I think for people like us who care about that data, I think it's a cool concept. Yeah. It's like slicer dicer for health mapping. Yeah, pretty much. Yeah, I think so. And they built their own caboodle warehouse to like house- Exactly. Census data, Illinois state data, you know? So cool. All right. Sapna. I just made good progress on the SDO CMS metric. This is for the system dashboard. So today we had a meeting and reviewed that. So there was one additional like logic change, which I made, which kind of increased the percentage by 1% if you're looking at only for a rush for one year. So just wrapping that up. So on the system dashboard, they need like, there are certain other like data points which they need like the month to date and all that. So we have a table already set up for that. So just we'll be working on that and wrapping up. You have any documentation on that, like what they want or what they need? And when you say they, you mean like quality? Is that what you're saying? Who's they? Is that Brian's team? No, so this initiative is by Dr. Brian Stain. So this is already, there's a maestro dashboard. And now we are working on like, KM is working on converting that to a Power BI dashboard and automating the metrics. There's a lot of metrics on the data. I can share those details. One of them is the SDO CMS metric. Yeah, if you could just drop that, maybe like, you know what I was thinking we could do, Jada, is we just did this for the other group, like, cause we had a new person join the critical care side I work on. We made like a, I think we already have like a BMO Institute teams channel, but maybe I'm wondering if we could just make like a studio team channel and we could just have like a, it's almost like Slack, I guess, free Slack. Or you could just drop files there or we could just keep it the four of us in a chat, which is probably fine too. But I just thought that might be a good place to have all our files in like one bucket. We have like a channel. So you want to get a new team site? Cause we have a channel in the- Oh, we have a channel within the BMO. Yeah, that's fine. I think that's also a cool tool. I didn't realize we already had a channel there, but- Yes. Teams are super easy to make though too, like it's all automated. Yeah, no, it might not make a terrible sense. I mean, it's sort of like, that way we keep our stuff kind of separate, not like separate on purpose, but just sort of cleaner, you know, I don't know. I know you have to make like a request though, right? You have to make like, you can't just make a team. You can't just make it. You have to like- It's all automated though. I did an audit all the time for collabs. It's not a big deal at all. Yeah, so I don't know, Jason, would you mind falling on that sword since you know how to do it? Just call it a- Just call it a- Or I can repurpose one of my old ones, yeah. Yeah, yeah. I think you just, you put some ticket in, apparently happens very quickly and you just make a team. Oh, okay. Yeah. But it's nice for us cause I ran into Josh. I had to have Anissa too when I gave him all the data just for if we're sharing PHIPI, that equity has like 83 people on it. It'd be nice to keep it smaller just for kind of data privacy and IRB issues. Yeah, no, I agree. And what I've been calling us in my dashboard that I've been building is R-H-E-D-A-S. I'm not sure if that's too many languages, but you know, Rush Health Equity Data Analytics Studio. So I'm not sure if that's fine or whatever you think is, you know, is fine with me. All right, putting in the ticket right now. All right. So you're working on that. Okay, cool. This, yeah, these are all the metrics part of the system dashboard. And for the equity, I'm working on the percentage screen for social determinants of health. This is the first CMS metric. And apart from this, this is how the dashboard currently populates. Yeah, this is like a PPT. They shared this with us just so that we are aware of how the other metrics are aligned in here. So it's basically for all the three service areas. We have drum C and all to all the three entities. So we have the readmission rate and as well. So this is the dashboard trying to automate it and power BI. I thought we moved the power BI like a year ago. Like, why are we just doing this now? I know, I thought of this. I think this was not a part of the migration. I see. Got it. All right. Cool. All right, that's fine. So yeah, if you wouldn't mind putting that deck inside the new full, the team's holders, that way we just have an easy place where we put all our stuff. It's just that way I don't lose it. Cool. Currently, I implode all the documents are given for a lung cancer screening or a dashboard under this data created like a sprint planning folder. So I create, I upload all those documents there. Oh, perfect. It might be easier once we have this team just pop them there. So that way you can put it like, yeah, perfect. Yeah. I'll move over whatever's in the channel to the new teams. Cool. As Jason makes it. Thank you. And an interesting other thing is I was working on updating this document. So initially when I was looking at these data points, this is for, yeah, frozen windows request for the ED equity dashboard. We have these data points like veteran status and under our patient table and clarity, but it's not being populated in the backend. So that's what I was checking. Got it. So I think eventually what we can start with is essentially like what is available, yes, no. And then what we should eventually add in column F is percent missing by like some, all encounters probably would be easier, like all, or you could do ambulatory ER or inpatient or something, but that's sort of the big three buckets. So that way you could sort of say, okay, like race is almost, is going to be there almost always. Ethnicity same, sex at assigned birth the same, but then we're going to start dropping off precipitously once we get down to seven. Yes. Yeah. They're available, but yeah, they're not like populated. I'll just check with even our, like our Epic lead. What is like the status on that? Just curious to know if they can populate it at least in the test environment, I can just run that. Okay. Or these other columns are like, which are available like veteran status and employment status. All right. I'll upload this document and share this as well, Dr. JC. Great. Thank you so much. Yeah. And yeah, apart from this, I'll start working on Annie Lally's request to add a new check to the existing lung cancer screening audit dashboard. It's, we are calling it active patients in the backend. So we already have that. So I need to just integrate with the current data set or just integrate with the current data source for the lung cancer screening audit dashboard. All right. Do you know how long you think that will take? Roughly, give or take. Yeah. Yeah. Just, I'll try to wrap it in end of the sprint. Yeah. Oh. Okay. All right. Sorry. I think my computer is about to die. So if I go, if I fall off, it's because my computer is about to die. I don't think I have any other major updates. We'll create the team channel probably at our next standup. I think this thing I'm building will be ready and we can see if it's going to be helpful or not to sort of do like project management for the four of us. And then that will be complimentary to the team channel, which I think will help. And then go from there. Oh. For some reason. Together with Robin and Bonnie. I think most of we, we just need Teresa and Liz to be like, Jason's great. We like what they're doing to assure those up. And then just to kind of give an overview. So we're all on the same page. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.